notebooks: document new auto-closure feature (#165)
reanahub/docs.reana.io: docs/running-notebooks/closing-active-sessions/index.md

"Close Jupyter Notebook".

![ui-close-session](../../images/ui-close-session.png)

> ### Auto-closure of sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-closure of inactive sessions
```

> REANA provides an auto-closure feature for interactive sessions.
> Administrators can configure a maximum number of inactivity hours after
> which interactive sessions will be automatically closed.

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
Administrators can configure REANA to automatically close interactive sessions after a given period of inactivity in order to free unused resources.
```

In this way, we can also remove the text at the end _This feature ensures ... utilization_

> When you open an interactive session via the web interface,
> you will see a note inside the notification
> about the creation of the interactive session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open an interactive session via the web interface,
you will be informed about how long your inactive session will be kept open:
```
WDYT?

Author: Note: since we are adding the notification about the inactive session automatic closure also in `reana-client`, I removed "via the web interface".
I also changed "when you **open** an interactive session" to "when you **start** an interactive session", to avoid word repetition.

Reviewer: > Note: since we are adding the notification about the inactive session automatic closure also in `reana-client`, I removed "via the web interface"

What do you think about adding also the reana-client example?

![ui-autoclosure-warning](../../images/ui-open-session-autoclosure-warning.png)

> If you don't see a similar note inside the notification, this means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the maximum period of inactivity is not reported in the notification, this means that
```
WDYT?

the session will stay open forever, unless you manually close it.

> This feature ensures that unused sessions are automatically closed
> to optimize resource utilization. It is recommended to save and
> transfer any important work before the session is closed due to inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure your work is periodically saved to avoid losing unsaved progress when the session is closed.
```
WDYT?

"Close Jupyter Notebook".

![ui-close-session](../../images/ui-close-session.png)

> ### Auto-closure of inactive sessions

Author: Went for option 2. In the "opening sessions" page:
- added the auto-closure notice to the first CLI example 
- added a small warning box that mentions the cleanup of inactive session and points to the appropriate paragraph in the "Closing ~active~ sessions" page.

> ### Auto-closure of inactive sessions

Reviewer 2: Looks nice :+1: Can you please rebase against latest `master`? 

Also, a cosmetic comment: the commit log headline "configuration: customizing notebook auto-closure" might be better said "administration: ..." because it will denote more clearly that this configuration help page is for admins, not for researchers.  (Although we don't systematically use the same prefixes across commits... Something we can agree upon.)

> Administrators can configure REANA to automatically close interactive sessions

Reviewer 2: ... automatically close unused interactive sessions...
